I. Introduction:
================
1. * Tell me about Python?
           .Python is a general purpose high level programming language.
           .Python was developed by Guido Van Rossam in 1989 while working at National Research Institute at Netherlands.
           .But officially Python was made available to public in 1991. The official Date of Birth for Python is : Feb 20th 1991.
           .Python is recommended as first programming language for beginners
2. Why Python is so popular now a days?
            The python language is one of the most accessible programming languages available because
            it has simplified syntax and not complicated, which gives more emphasis on natural language.
            Due to its ease of learning and usage, python codes can be easily written and executed much faster than
            other programming languages
3. * Features of Python
                           Easy-to-learn − Python has few keywords, simple structure, and a clearly defined syntax.
                                            This allows the programmer to pick up the language quickly.

                      	   Easy-to-read − Python code is more clearly defined and visible to the eyes.

                           Easy-to-maintain − Python's source code is fairly easy-to-maintain.

                           A broad standard library − Python's bulk of the library is very portable and cross-platform compatible on
                                                      UNIX, Windows, and Macintosh.

                           Interactive Mode − Python supports interactive mode which allows
                                              interactive testing and debugging of snippets of code.

                           Portable − Python can run on a wide variety of hardware platforms and has the same interface on all platforms.

                           Extendable − You can add low-level modules to the Python interpreter. These modules enable
                                        programmers to add to or customize their tools to be more efficient.

                           Databases − Python provides interfaces to all major commercial databases.

                           GUI Programming − Python supports GUI applications that can be created and ported to many system calls,
                                             libraries and windows systems, such as Windows MFC, Macintosh, and the X Window system of Unix.

                           Scalable − Python provides a better structure and support for large programs than shell scripting.

4. * Advantages and Disadvantages of Python

5. Interpreted vs Compiled time programming languages. Explain in detail
        * A compiled language is converted into machine code so that the processor can execute it.
        * An interpreted language is a language in which the implementations execute instructions directly without
         earlier compiling a program into machine language.
        * The compiled programs run faster than interpreted programs.

6. * .py vs .pyc files
        pyc contain the compiled bytecode of Python source files.
        The Python interpreter loads . pyc files before . py files, so if they're present, it can save some time
        by not having to re-compile the Python source code.

7. * How compilation will happen internally. Explain in detail
        Compilation − The source code in python is saved as a . py file which is then compiled into a format
        known as byte code, byte code is then converted to machine code. After the compilation, the code is
        stored in . pyc files and is regenerated when the source is updated

8. * Why Python is Dynamically typed programming Language. Explain
       *  Python is both a strongly typed and a dynamically typed language.
       *  Strong typing means that variables do have a type and that the type matters when performing operations on a variable.
       *  Dynamic typing means that the type of the variable is determined only during runtime.

9. Python is Platform independent.Explain
         Python is a system-independent programming language which means you do not need to change your code
         when using it on different platforms

10.Different ways to write python program.
   Interactive, IDLE, CommandPrompt, IDE
   Advantages, Disadvantages

11.sourcecode vs bytecode
        The distinction between source code and bytecode is that source code is a collection of computer
        instructions expressed in a human-readable programming language,
        whereas bytecode is an intermediate code between source code and machine code which is processed by a virtual machine.

12.Register instruction set
        The instruction set provides commands to the processor, to tell it what it needs to do.
        The instruction set consists of addressing modes, instructions, native data types, registers,
        memory architecture, interrupt, and exception handling, and external I/O.

13.High Level vs Low level programming Language
        High-level languages require the use of a compiler or an interpreter for translating into the
        machine code.
        Low-level language requires an assembler for directly translating the instructions of the
        machine language. These languages have a very low memory efficiency.

14.* Python architecture
         For a coding architect, Python is perfect for creating scripts used for parametric designs and
         other demanding applications. It can also be used alongside other design tools like Grasshopper,
         Autodesk Dynamo, and Rhino.

15.* Explain Garbage Collection mechanism in detail.
     The process of automatic deletion of unwanted or
     unused objects to free the memory is called garbage collection in Python.

